Refined Flutter case study content (#24)
Miksel90/development-platforms: src/content/docs/frameworks/Flutter/Flutter-case-study.md

## Introduction

> Originally from Google's Innovative technology labs, Flutter emerges as a dynamic and open-source framework. Aimed at developers focused on front-end development, it offers a comprehensive toolkit designed for crafting the intricate tapestry of an application's user interface, utilizing the magic of a single, streamlined codebase. Since its inception in 2018, Flutter has significantly evolved beyond its original mobile orientation, extending its capabilities to support application development across six diverse platforms. This includes the familiar landscapes of iOS and Android, as well as the expansive realms of the web, Windows, macOS, and Linux. As such, Flutter represents a versatile tool that inspires a wide-ranging coding odyssey.

Reviewer: Begining

> Originally from Google's Innovative technology labs, Flutter emerges as a dynamic and open-source framework. Aimed at developers focused on front-end development, it offers a comprehensive toolkit designed for crafting the intricate tapestry of an application's user interface, utilizing the magic of a single, streamlined codebase. Since its inception in 2018, Flutter has significantly evolved beyond its original mobile orientation, extending its capabilities to support application development across six diverse platforms. This includes the familiar landscapes of iOS and Android, as well as the expansive realms of the web, Windows, macOS, and Linux. As such, Flutter represents a versatile tool that inspires a wide-ranging coding odyssey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Originally from Google's technology labs, Flutter emerges as a dynamic and open-source framework. Aimed at developers focused on front-end development, it offers a comprehensive toolkit designed for designing an application's user interface, utilizing a single codebase. Since its launch in 2018, Flutter has significantly evolved beyond its original mobile orientation, extending its capabilities to support application development across six different platforms. This includes the landscapes of iOS and Android, as well as apllications for the  web, Windows, macOS, and Linux. As such, Flutter represents a versatile tool that inspires a wide-ranging coding.
```

## Brief History

> Flutter, an innovative open-source framework, it was designed to solve the intricate challenges of creating seamless, visually engaging user interfaces for multiple platforms. Flutter made its inaugural appearance in 2018, primarily as a tool tailored for mobile app development. Under the guiding hand of Google, Flutter quickly gained traction, captivating developers with its promise of a unified codebase for multiple platforms.

Reviewer: Remove Intricate

Reviewer: remove Inaugural

> Flutter, an innovative open-source framework, it was designed to solve the intricate challenges of creating seamless, visually engaging user interfaces for multiple platforms. Flutter made its inaugural appearance in 2018, primarily as a tool tailored for mobile app development. Under the guiding hand of Google, Flutter quickly gained traction, captivating developers with its promise of a unified codebase for multiple platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flutter is an innovative open-source framework, it was designed to solve the challenges of creating seamless, visually engaging user interfaces for multiple platforms. Flutter made its appearance in 2018, primarily as a tool tailored for mobile app development. With support form Google, Flutter quickly gained traction, captivating developers with its promise of a unified codebase for multiple platforms.
```

As the Flutter community thrived and the framework matured, a remarkable evolution unfolded. No longer confined to the mobile domain, Flutter expanded its reach to embrace a broader spectrum of platforms. This expansion marked a pivotal moment in Flutter's history, as it not only extended support to iOS and Android but also ventured into the expansive territories of the web, Windows, macOS, and Linux.

The journey of Flutter is a testament to its adaptability and the collaborative spirit of the developer community. What began as a solution for mobile app challenges has blossomed into a versatile framework, empowering developers to create stunning and consistent user experiences across various platforms. With each iteration, Flutter continues to shape the landscape of cross-platform development, leaving an indelible mark on the history of modern software engineering.

## About & Features

> Flutter stands out as an open-source toolkit for UI development, enabling the creation of multi-platform applications from a singular code framework. Flutter simplifies the process of creating consistent, appealing UIs for an application across the platforms it supports. Which means that even though Flutter embraces different platforms, it still originates from a single codebase. One can consider Flutter as both native app development and cross-platform development. Flutter gives you the opportunity to make applications for iOS, Android, Web, Windows, macOS, Linux and IoT-devices using a single codebase.

Reviewer: Flutter is an
